Document Client Flow (#387)
lambdaclass/champions_of_mirra: README.md

  - [Suggested Development Environment](#suggested-development-environment)
  - [Useful Commands](#useful-commands)
  - [Contact and Socials](#contact-and-socials)

>   - [Tecnical Documentation](#documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Technical Documentation](#documentation)
```

- **Reddit:** [r/curseofmirra](https://www.reddit.com/r/curseofmirra/)
- **Discord:** [join link](https://discord.gg/hxDRsbCpzC)
- **Telegram:** [t.me/curseofmirra](https://t.me/curseofmirra)

## Documentation
### Client Paths

> On the start of the application, the SocketConnection, which is a game object in the scene, tries to establish a websocket connection with the backend. If and when the connection is opened, SocketConnection asks the backend for the current user (the register/login logic is not shown in this diagram).
> 
> In parallel, the HeaderManager waits for the user information to be retrived via the GlobalUserData, which is the class that contains the user information.
> 
> Once the user is retreived from the backend, it is sent to the HeaderManger, where the relevant information is displayed in the UI. Also the HeaderManager subscribes to changes from the GlobalUserData, to receive the new values and update the ones on the UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram outlines the initialization process of a connection between the client and the backend, as well as the retrieval of the user's data to be displayed on the header.

On the start of the application, the SocketConnection, which is a game object in the scene, tries to establish a websocket connection with the backend. Upon successful establishment of the connection, the SocketConnection requests the current user data from the backend (note: the register/login logic is not shown in this diagram).

In parallel, the HeaderManager waits for the user information to be retrieved via the GlobalUserData, which is the class that contains the user information.

Once the user data is retrieved from the backend, it is sent to the HeaderManager, where the relevant information is displayed in the UI. Additionally, the HeaderManager subscribes to updates from the GlobalUserData, ensuring that any changes are promptly reflected in the UI. 
```

```mermaid
	sequenceDiagram
		participant UI
		participant HeaderManager
		participant GlobalUserData
		participant SocketConnection
		participant Backend

		par SocketConnection Initializes
			SocketConnection-)+Backend: Initialize Connection
			Backend--)-SocketConnection: Connection Open
			SocketConnection-)+Backend: GetUser
			Backend--)-SocketConnection: User
		and Header Gets User to Display
			HeaderManager->>GlobalUserData: GetUser
			GlobalUserData-)+SocketConnection: GetUser
		end

		SocketConnection--)-GlobalUserData: User
		GlobalUserData-->>HeaderManager: User
		HeaderManager->>UI: User Data to Display
		HeaderManager->>+GlobalUserData: Subscribe to user changes
		loop On Every User Change
			GlobalUserData-->>-HeaderManager: User change
			HeaderManager->>UI: User Data to Display
		end
```

___

> When entering the Summon scene, the SummonManager script is responsible to retrive the summon boxes from the backend through SocketConnection, when these are returned, the manager instantiates an UI element for each box.
> 
> The user then can buy one of these boxes, causing a chain comunication all the way to the backend, passing through currency availability checks first. Once the backend processes the request, it returns the summoned unit so the summon manager can display it in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next diagram depicts the actions that take place when a user enters the Summon scene.

When entering the Summon scene, the SummonManager script is responsible of fetching the summon boxes from the backend via the SocketConnection. When these are returned, the manager instantiates a UI element for each box.

The user can then buy one of these boxes, triggering a chain communication that traverses all the way to the backend, passing through currency availability checks first. Once the backend processes the user's request, it returns the summoned unit so the summon manager can display it in the UI.
```
